Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[foreboding music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[crickets chirping]
-[woman breathes heavily]
-[tense music]
Paul!
You poisonous snake!
How could you do this to me?
Julia. what are you doing here?
Honey?
Honey. don’t be crazy.
How long has this
been going on?
You lying bastard!
Hey. hey.
Just think about what
you’re doing. okay?
Shut up!
You won’t ever get to tell
me what to do ever again.
Put it down.
[Julia] No. no.
Put the gun down.
Honey...
[Julia yelps]
I’ll make sure you regret this.
Mark my words.
[tense music]
[woman sobs]
[Paul exhales]
[ominous music]
[Catherine] Good morning.
Morning. love.
I hope you’ll forgive me
for not making pancakes.
I made oatmeal instead.
Ugh. but you make
the best pancakes.
And they make you
sluggish all morning.
We need you in top
shape for your big day.
Mm.
Did you call Andrew
about that job offer?
Oh. private tutoring.
I don’t know about all that.
I wanna be a real teacher again.
Atlanta just doesn’t seem
to want me right now.
That is not true.
The right job offer
is gonna come.
In the meantime. I
get mom and breakfast.
What could be better?
A home of my own again.
Hey. this is your home.
You’ve just had some
bad luck recently.
As long as I have a roof
over my head. so do you.
Thank you. love.
Thank you so much.
[Catherine] Ride share
will be here soon.
so you’re gonna help
me eat this. right?
[Hailey laughs]
Right.
[lighthearted music]
[Catherine] Pam?
Oh. hey there.
Pam Prescott. We
spoke on the phone.
You must be Catherine.
Mhm.
Paul’s waiting for you.
let me take you back.
Okay. great.
[mysterious music]
-[Paul grunts]
-Oh. almost!
Thank you.
[Paul chuckles]
Yeah. I know. golf
in the office.
such a big business cliche.
but the thing they
don’t tell you
is how addicting this game is.
Paul Berg.
Nice to meet you. Catherine.
Hope the traffic wasn’t too bad.
Oh. I’m used to it.
It was an hour commute
to my last job.
Ah. have a seat.
So. your old firm decided
to move out of town.
Carelli Investments
is hell and gone
from Atlanta Financial District?
Let’s just say they liked
being away from prying eyes.
So is that why you
quit? Too many secrets?
Look. I am a
professional trader.
I am not some white
collar business pirate.
So you were with
Carelli for seven years?
Mhm.
Made quite a name for yourself
with a reputation of
fire and integrity.
That’s pretty rare.
It’s easy to be decent.
and sometimes you
have to be tough.
Okay. I’m gonna ask
you one question.
If you could do anything.
anything at all.
what would that be?
[Catherine chuckles]
No. just say what you feel.
I wanna know.
I suppose I would be
doing just what I’m doing.
I’m trying to find
my mom some peace.
My parents were so good
to me when I was little.
and I’d like to
give back to them.
That’s good.
[Catherine chuckles]
That is a load of
crap. and you know it.
I don’t know who the
hell he thinks he is-
Mom. I have to call
you back. okay?
Not going to do this to
me. and neither are you!
I’m not intimidated
by you. Jackie.
Please leave.
This isn’t over. Pam.
And mark my words.
He’s going to pay.
[ominous music]
Huh.
Well. lookie here.
Aren’t you a pretty
little thing?
Let me guess who you are.
Paul’s latest protege?
One question.
Are you good in a fight?
Jackie. I said leave or
I’m calling security!
No need for that. I’m leaving.
But you better watch
your back. girl.
Paul’s a dirtbag.
And you?
You just took my job.
[unnerving music]
I am so sorry. Are you okay?
Yeah. no harm.
But that feels a little scary.
Yeah. Jackie’s been
very difficult.
But I promise you. you’ll
never see her again.
She’ll never even get
back in the building.
It’s my job to take
care of everyone here.
And. hey. just FYI. Paul must
think you’re pretty special.
He’s never hired anyone
on the spot before.
Way to go. girl.
-[Catherine chuckles]
-[calming music]
[Hailey] Catherine.
breakfast is ready!
[Catherine and Hailey laughing]
Ah...
In the past. there was a lot
of focus in your portfolios
on bespoke tranche
opportunities.
And frankly. there’s
a better way.
It’s way less risky
and predatory.
We need to think
of the future here.
Now. if you see over here.
these are the projections
from the first quarter.
and down below. we have
the second quarter.
A no-brainer.
[Jim] It’s bad news. Paul.
She’s coming after
all of your assets.
Julia lost the right
to any of my assets
the night she
pulled a gun on us.
[Jim] She’s claiming that
you’re lying about that.
and she wants 50%
of the company.
Well. we’ve already
torn her case apart.
and I have faith that you’ll
tear apart anything else
she tries to bring
into a divorce court.
-Tell her people that.
-[knocking]
All right? Tell her
we’re bulletproof.
Come in.
Jim. I have to go.
Hey.
You wanted to see me?
Yeah. please come in.
Have a seat.
I apologize we’re having to
do this so late in the day...
Oh.
But Sheffield & Wexler...
Said they were very pleased
by your pitch this morning.
Those two guys are rainmakers.
they’ve already brought
in additional investors.
I call this a
hole-in-one for you.
which is why I want
you to have this.
[mysterious music]
This is a check for $10.000.
Yeah. call it a bonus.
A welcoming gift.
We’re lucky to have you here.
I...
I just hope that I can live
up to your expectations.
Oh. come on. You already have.
You’ve got your finger
on the pulse. Catherine.
your ethics are second to none.
I think we’re gonna
do this deal too.
Excellent job.
-Thank you.
-Excellent.
So. any fun plans this evening?
[lighthearted jazz music]
You know. I’ve gotta say. you
are a breath of fresh air.
especially after Jackie Reese.
She was pathological.
Between us girls. she
had a thing for Paul too.
When he divorced Julia.
Jackie made her move. and
he shut her right down.
[Catherine laughs]
Wow. A shark and
a woman scorned?
That’s a dangerous combination.
Oh. but Jackie’s no one to
worry about. believe me.
She’ll bounce back
at a new firm.
and lose her job
inside of a year.
She didn’t even last
eight months with us.
Well. hello ladies.
Paul. hi!
It’s nice to see you again.
Good to see you again.
Yeah. I had to come by
and meet with Lou Dryden.
He’s right back
there. impatient.
[Paul chuckling]
Would you like to meet him?
I am pitching him your idea.
You know what? I’ll
leave you guys to it.
I need to get home anyway.
So I will see you on
Monday. Catherine.
Pam. thank you so
much for everything.
-Of course.
-Bye.
See you.
Okay. right this way.
[lighthearted jazz music]
[Pam sighs]
Hello. Jim.
Hi.
-How are you?
-Catherine.
Nice to meet you.
Check. please.
[Server] Yes. ma’am.
So he’s quite a guy. huh?
Yeah.
[Paul chuckles]
I think he was really
taken with you.
The deal’s all but done.
You know. I’ve been in
finance a while now.
and I gotta say.
this is a new one.
I mean. usually your
boss just takes your idea
and cashes it in.
Well. I believe in giving
credit where credit is due.
And to be honest.
I’m starting to wonder
what I’d do without you.
[Catherine chuckles]
Please. I just got here.
Care for a toast?
It’s not a school
night after all.
Aren’t toasts usually
made with champagne?
Yes. that’s usually
how it works.
Well...
As lovely as this is.
it’s not champagne.
It’s sparkling white...
[Catherine speaks
in foreign language]
Aged 24 months.
You just continue to impress.
[Catherine and Paul chuckling]
Cheers?
Cheers.
[glasses clink]
[romantic acoustic music]
Thank you.
You’re very welcome.
Wow.
[ominous music]
I had a really
great time tonight.
I had fun too.
I hope you’ll forgive me.
Look. I didn’t
wanna bring this up.
but I ran into somebody
in your lobby on Monday.
and she warned me about you.
Let me guess. Jackie
Reeves. right?
Yeah.
Yeah. well. don’t pay
her a second thought.
Disgruntled former employees
rarely have anything good to
say about their old bosses.
Right?
Well. yeah. I guess that’s true.
[Paul] She’s got
some anger issues.
Yeah.
[Julia] Getting the
next one lined up.
[Catherine] Thank you.
Very welcome.
Goodnight.
-Goodnight.
-[Catherine chuckles]
[ominous music]
I don’t know. maybe
it was my imagination.
but we were just
getting along so well.
I felt like there was
an attraction there.
[Catherine chuckles]
I know. I know.
I should not be thinking
about this stuff right now.
[doorbell rings]
Huh. I wonder who that could be.
I’ll get it.
Hi.
Good morning.
I have something for you.
What’s all this?
[tense music]
[Catherine chuckles]
Wow.
Oh...
"It’s all yours.
Leased through the company.
Part of your deal.
Paul."
This is amazing.
Wait. there’s more.
"And by the way.
I’m having a little get together
tomorrow night at my place.
Some friends and clients.
Would love it if you
and your mother came.
Text "hell yeah" to
accept my invitation.
and I’ll send a car for
the lovely ladies at 7."
Oh. come on.
Be my wingman.
He invited both of us.
You can chaperone.
I think he was
just being polite.
This is your adventure. honey.
[ominous music]
You’re all getting
exactly what you deserve.
[ominous music]
[doorbell rings]
Oh. I’ll get it.
Hello.
Hi. Can I help you?
Getting along
famously with Paul?
[Catherine] I’m
sorry. who are you?
I’m his wife.
[Catherine chuckles]
You mean his ex-wife?
Oh. you have a sharp tongue.
and you’re making a big mistake.
[eerie music]
Call me if you
want to know more.
[door slams]
[ominous music]
Maybe I shouldn’t
go to Paul’s party.
You shouldn’t be
intimidated by her.
Yeah. but that was
really weird. right?
Go to the party.
Just do your slightly
concerned mother a favor.
and party responsibly.
You always know the
perfect thing to say.
[Hailey chuckles]
[lighthearted music]
Have a good night.
Mr. Thornhill.
All right. Vinny.
Thank you so much.
You have a good night.
[Man] Time to go home.
Okay.
I tell you what. you throw
a hell of a barbecue. son.
[Paul chuckles]
My people will see you
tomorrow in London.
And hey. remember. don’t
drink too much more.
[Paul chuckles]
Gotta catch that red-eye.
[ominous music]
It was great seeing
you both again.
[Paul] Good seeing you. Bigelow.
[Bigelow] Yeah. Catherine.
[Catherine] Nice to see you.
[Paul chuckles]
Bigelow.
Wow.
So. I should probably
go with full disclosure.
my mom was giving out
major parental vibes.
[ominous music]
I think that she thinks that
I should pump the brakes.
Pump the brakes on what?
On this.
[calming music]
Oh...
Wow.
This has been such a whirlwind.
Yeah.
You’ve been so generous.
I’m starting to feel
like a kept woman.
[Catherine chuckles]
Oh. I want to be generous
with you. Catherine.
You’ve earned it.
Can never be
anyone’s kept woman.
[Catherine chuckles]
Time to celebrate. people.
Oh.
Thank you.
And Catherine is the
rock star of the night.
Well. to Catherine.
To Catherine.
[glasses clinking]
-Cheers.
Well done.
Thank you.
[Paul] Well done.
Mm.
[ominous music]
[mysterious music]
Ow.
[Catherine grunts]
[mysterious music]
Oh.
[dramatic music]
[Catherine breathes heavily]
[Hailey] Okay. honey.
Everything’s gonna be okay.
just try to stay calm.
and tell them everything
you can recall.
[Catherine] But that’s just it.
I don’t remember anything.
Did they talk to you yet?
No.
Someone called saying that they
might be by to interview me.
but I can come and get you
in a little while. okay?
No. Mom. I’ll get a ride share.
you stay there in
case the cops come by.
Okay. honey. be brave.
Okay. let’s go over it again.
The party’s ending. it’s your
first visit to the place.
You guys have a
nightcap. you get sleepy.
and go to the guest room.
That’s it.
That’s all I remember.
And then you came down
the stairs at 10:00 AM.
and that’s when you
saw Ms. Burke’s body.
[Catherine] Yeah. correct.
And you didn’t hear anything?
No sounds of a struggle?
And you have no idea
why she would be here?
Like I said. she just showed
up at my house yesterday
and confronted me.
Maybe she followed me here.
Maybe someone told her
I was here. I don’t...
Well. her phone was taken.
so we can’t check that.
Did you talk to Paul or Pam?
They were both here last night.
We haven’t been able
to reach Mr. Burke.
He took a late flight to London.
and we are looking into
the rest of that now.
So we have your DNA
swab and hair sample.
I don’t think we need
anything else from you today.
Looks like CSI is
gonna be a while.
You need a ride home?
[tense music]
[Catherine] Didn’t
think police detectives
were supposed to do this.
[Detective Barr] What?
Drive someone home?
See. the big idea is that you’re
supposed to warm up to me.
It’s like we’re friends.
So I’m more likely
to tell you things.
Exactly.
But I know you’re way too smart
for that. Ms. Brunner. so.
All my cards are on the table.
You know. I was...
I was thinking about
something that happened
my first day of work.
Yeah?
This really angry
woman was in the lobby.
Her name is Jackie Reeves.
She said that I took her job.
She threatened me. told
me to watch my back.
So you think she might
have killed Julia Burke
to set you up for revenge?
Jackie was...
She was really intense.
Well. why didn’t she
just come after you?
I don’t know. I don’t know.
I’m just saying
it’s a possibility.
Okay.
It is.
We’ll look into it.
Ooh...
Nice ride. Yours?
No. it’s a company car.
Wow.
Well. it looks to me like he
had you set up real sweet.
He had new toys. high
paying position at his fund.
I believe they have a name
for that kind of arrangement.
Are we done here?
Yeah. we’re done.
But don’t leave town.
We’ll be talking
again real soon.
[dramatic music]
Catherine. just calm down.
I know there’s no way in
hell you could’ve done this.
Paul. I don’t know
what happened.
Okay. I blacked out.
That’s never happened
to me before.
It was right after Pam took
me into the guest bedroom.
Well. she left. and then
I had to make my flight.
You were all alone in the house
when we left for the airport.
[Catherine] Well. someone
else was obviously there.
Can’t we check the
security cameras?
Well. that might be a problem.
The cameras have
been down for weeks.
Pam’s having the system
overhauled or something.
They’re waiting on a part.
Oh. God.
Just don’t panic okay?
I’m catching a red-eye
back to Atlanta.
Catherine. I care about you.
I don’t need any camera footage
to know that you’re innocent.
Paul. I--
[Paul] Look. you don’t have to
say anything else. okay?
I’m not gonna let you fall.
I’m gonna get you
the best lawyer.
I’m gonna fight for you.
and we’re gonna win. okay?
-Okay.
-[Paul] Hang in there.
[Catherine] I
can’t believe this.
Oh. honey.
I don’t know what to do.
There’s a lot to unpack here.
Just be careful with your
feelings right now. okay?
Stay calm.
I mean...
At least she didn’t
arrest me. right?
The thing is. Mom. I had no
motive to kill that woman.
I mean. if somebody is
trying to set me up.
they’re not doing
a very good job.
Everything’s gonna be okay.
Oh. I love you so much.
-[dramatic music]
-[Catherine sobs]
It’s so terrible. the
police were just here.
They talked to me
about everything.
they made it sound
like you could’ve been
planning Julia’s death.
Well. I guess it’s
not surprising.
They might try to prove it
like maybe I hired someone.
so I spoke with Carpenter.
he’s mobilizing an
offense team as we speak.
Go over the details
with you later.
I’m headed to Heathrow now to
catch the next flight back.
Paul. I’m so sorry you’re
going through all of this.
Thanks for your support. Pam.
There’s only a few things in
this world I can count on.
and one of ’em is you.
Of course. Paul.
I’ll be right here.
Thank you.
[dramatic music]
[tense music]
Well. aren’t you a
pretty little thing?
Are you good in a fight?
Getting along
famously with Paul?
You’re making a big mistake.
Well. it looks to me like he
had you set up real sweet.
Catherine. I care about you.
[tense music]
[phone rings]
I told you not to call me.
We can’t have any contact now.
Look. I fixed the cameras.
The police won’t find anything
I don’t want them to find.
But I don’t think
I can trust you.
I’ve never been sure of that.
So I want more money.
[tense music]
[Pam chuckles]
Oh my gosh.
All these damn bags and lines.
[tense music]
[eerie music]
-[object thuds]
-[ominous music]
[phone rings]
[Operator] 911.
what’s your emergency?
No! Please. don’t.
Please. no!
I won’t say anything.
[Pam screams]
Please. no!
Thank you. Mr. Burke.
We’ll be in touch.
Lemme know what you find.
Sure.
Oh. just the lady
I wanted to see.
[Catherine] What’s going on?
Do I need to have
my lawyer present?
Look. I only have one question
to ask you. Ms. Brunner.
Okay.
Where were you last night
at exactly 12:26 AM?
I was at home. asleep.
Do you have a witness
that can corroborate that?
Yes. my mother.
She was at home. She
was up late watching TV.
Why? What is this about?
I’ll be in touch. Ms. Brunner.
[ominous music]
Catherine.
What is going on?
I am so glad you’re here.
Where’s Pam?
Why didn’t you call me
when you got in last night?
My flight was delayed.
I didn’t wanna wake you.
Nonstop crazy around here.
What’s going on?
Something terrible
happened last night.
-Oh. no.
-Come with me.
[mysterious music]
Paul. what is going on?
It’s bad.
Can’t believe this is happening.
Pamela Prescott is dead.
Someone broke into her home
and killed her last night.
What?
They have part of the murder
on a 911 call. apparently.
That’s how they know
exactly when it happened.
They wanted to know where
Paul was and where you were.
Where were you?
Well. I was in the
limo on the way home.
The driver will testify to that.
The police are also
speculating that Ms. Prescott
might have discovered something
about the murder of Julia Burke.
Catherine. this is
Andrew Carpenter.
He’s the best
attorney in the city.
He’ll be handpicking
our defense team
if it goes the distance.
They haven’t brought any
charges against you yet.
but if they do. we’ll be ready.
Wait. What about Jackie Reeves?
She threatened me
directly. Paul.
Why isn’t anyone
questioning her?
The detective told us
they were on their way
to interview Ms. Reeves.
Meanwhile. I have some people
on their way here. now.
We have a whole lot of questions
we need to ask
both you and Paul.
Are you two ready for that?
Yes.
[tense music]
[Detective Barr] So
you’re saying no one else
was with you last night?
I’m saying it hasn’t
been a good time.
I just lost my job.
So it’s just been you up late
with the Johnny Walker Red. huh?
I don’t appreciate
that. Detective.
Well. I don’t appreciate
dead bodies. Ms. Reeves.
You had every reason to hate
Paul Burke and
Catherine Brunner.
I mean. he terminated
your employment
and she took your job.
So obviously I’m a murderer?
Do you have any idea
how crazy that sounds?
Oh. it wouldn’t be the
first crazy idea I had
that turned out to be the truth.
I think it’s time for
you to leave. Detective.
For now. Ms. Reeves.
For now.
[tense music]
[Jackie sighs]
[ominous music]
That was close.
It was all so crazy. you know?
He had this big time
lawyer in the room.
He just kept asking me
over and over and over
again what happened.
He was coming up with
different narratives.
questions to answer
in interviews.
Do you think it will help?
Mom. right now I can’t think
clearly about anything.
This is all nuts.
And Paul’s devastated.
And what about him?
Do you think you can trust Paul?
Yes.
I think so?
I mean. right now. I
don’t know what to think.
I feel like...
I feel like maybe we missed
something or someone.
Hey. I thought I
heard you back here.
Sorry to sneak up
on you like this.
I was on the front porch
just ringing the bell.
Hey. Sol. Thanks
for coming over.
I’m glad to see you.
It’s been a rough day.
Hey. look. I know you’re tired
of talking about all this.
but I just want you to know
that I’ve got your back.
Oh. and I brought this.
-[Catherine] Oh.
-What’s that?
Just some computer
stuff from work.
Data miners and whatnot.
Sure you don’t
need help using it?
I mean. it’s no problem at all.
I can show you how.
This is my rabbit hole. okay?
You’re a good friend.
Thank you.
[people laughing]
She’s the best there is.
She’s tough. resilient.
She was made for this business.
She acts like
she’s a sweet girl.
but all good girls
are secretly bad.
[people laughing]
I’m not bad.
I’m not.
To Catherine.
[All] To Catherine.
I’m not!
[people laughing]
Bravo. Cathy.
You fooled them all.
You’re the belle of the ball.
But guess what?
[people laughing]
You’re nothing but a kept woman.
[Catherine groans]
[people laughing]
[Catherine gasps]
[Catherine breathes heavily]
[doorbell rings]
Oh. You must be the mom.
You must be the detective.
Barr.
May I come in?
Please.
[Catherine] Detective.
Miss Brunner.
You look like you
just saw a ghost.
Bad dreams.
Oh. well. they say
nightmares are a sure sign
of a guilty conscience.
Is that what they say?
[Detective Barr] Do you mind
giving us a moment. please?
I think I’m good
right here. Detective.
Okay. fine.
Have it your way.
I’ll get right to the point.
We found the weapon that was
used to kill Pam Prescott
the other night.
It turns out it was
at the crime scene.
but that’s not the fun part.
For the record. Detective.
none of this is fun.
Duly noted.
The blood test on the
weapon came in this morning.
and of course Pam Prescott’s
was fully present.
but we also found traces
of Ms. Burke’s blood.
That means it’s the same weapon
that was used to kill Julia.
Okay. and what does this
have to do with me though?
Well. you didn’t let me finish.
There were also traces of DNA
on the knife’s handle as well.
They matched the swab sample
you gave us the other
day. Ms. Brunner.
Now what that means is
that we need to have
an official chat with you.
and I’m assuming you’ll wanna
have your lawyer present.
Am I under arrest?
No. not just yet.
But I’ll see you this afternoon
at the precinct at 1:00 PM.
Don’t be late.
[tense music]
This is utter nonsense.
Your theory is nothing
more than a sick fantasy.
My client had no possible motive
for murdering those women.
nor does she have any
history of violence.
Yeah. but where I’m
still a little fuzzy
is the coincidence
that Ms. Brunner’s DNA
is on the same weapon that
was used to kill both women.
You and I both know Detective.
my client was asleep
for a full six hours
while Julia Burke
was being killed.
During that time.
the security cameras in the
house were out of order.
A DNA sample could easily
have been taken from her
while she was asleep.
It’s clear to me that my
client has been set up.
Jackie Reeves has no alibi for
the night of either murder.
and she had clear motivation.
Is that what you’re
gonna tell a jury?
I promise. if you arrest
Catherine Brunner.
an attempt to take it to trial
using the so-called evidence
that you presented
here this afternoon.
we will win so big on acquittal
that it will embarrass
your entire police
department for years.
and savage your personal
reputation beyond repair.
Now. that being said. I
believe it’s your move.
[tense music]
You’re free to go. Ms. Brunner.
For now.
Don’t say a word.
We’re out of here.
[tense music]
That was incredible.
I thought I was a goner.
You know. I’ve seen this before.
The only reason she
did not arrest you
was because she didn’t
want to Mirandize you.
She’ll try to get you to slip up
and say something
off the record.
Don’t talk to her.
Don’t talk to anyone.
And I’ll see you and
Paul in my office
first thing Monday morning.
Well. is it true what you
said about the evidence?
Will it stand up in court?
I meant every word
I said in there.
If they try this.
they will lose.
[dramatic music]
Hey. Catherine.
Working from home today.
I was hoping you would have
time to stop by the house.
We’ve got a lot to talk
about. and I wanna see you.
Okay?
Bye.
-[dramatic music]
-[knocking]
Hey. come in.
Paul.
Come here. Come here.
Sorry. I just missed you.
It’s okay.
I’m just feeling really
overwhelmed right now and...
Yeah.
Pam and Julia didn’t
deserve any of this.
Can’t even make
funeral arrangements
because of all the medical
examinations going on.
I don’t even know how
you can stand to be here.
where it all happened.
I’m not the kind of guy to run
from things. you know that.
I’m sorry. I didn’t. I mean-
No. Catherine. it’s okay.
I should be the one
apologizing to you.
Just thought maybe
you. you know.
being back in this
place might help
jog your memory or something.
That’s when I asked you to come.
Well. the last
thing I remember....
-[glasses clink]
-[Paul] Cheers.
We were toasting champagne.
having a good time.
And then I...
I’m awake.
And I just. I remember
this feeling of panic.
seeing her on the floor.
Well. you got dizzy
after your last drink.
and then Pam helped you
lie down in the guest room.
You were completely
asleep by the time
my ride share came at midnight.
and then what happened next?
It all went down when you
were alone in the house.
Is there anything
you can remember.
can you just try and
think. that might help?
No. no.
-Nothing.
-Okay.
It’s okay. It’s okay.
Just take a breath. all right?
We’ll figure it
out some other way.
Would it be crazy if
I said I love you?
Paul.
Look. I’m...
I’m scared.
I don’t know what I’m feeling.
I know.
I just wanna. you know.
protect you from all this.
I wanna take care of you.
I’m not a kept woman.
I never said you were...
I said I love you.
[unnerving music]
Hey. what’s wrong?
I just can’t believe myself.
And I feel guilty for
making love to you.
and everything’s
just so messed up.
Well. it’s something
we both wanted.
You shouldn’t feel bad.
Two people are dead.
[tense music]
Well. if Jackie
Reeves is responsible.
the cops will nail her.
She’s too hotheaded
to not make a mistake.
But there might be
another possibility.
What are you thinking?
Well. Julia had a daughter
out of wedlock before we met.
Her name is Zoey.
and she hated Julia.
She attacked her once.
We had to send her away to
a boarding school in Europe.
and she ran away.
So you have no idea
where she is now?
No. it’s been years.
But she made it very
clear she wanted nothing
to do with either one of us.
I might be able to find
out where she is now.
Listen. I have to go.
My mom’s gonna be home soon.
How the hell am I gonna
explain this to her?
Well. I have an idea.
You’re gonna tell her
that you met a great guy.
That’s me.
Mhm.
And that you’re crazy about him.
[calming music]
Ah.
[mysterious music]
You’re a bit
predictable. Ms. Brunner.
Look. are you gonna
arrest me or not?
’Cause this is
bordering on harassment.
I haven’t arrested you yet
because I feel there’s something
much more complicated
going on here.
You should know we haven’t
ruled out Paul Burke
as a suspect either.
Did he tell you he
was having an affair
and that his wife caught
the two of them together?
I’m not saying
another word to you.
You’re trying to trick me.
I’ve had my cards out on
the table this whole time.
and I’m not going away.
So you just think about that.
Real hard.
[mysterious music]
So. I got Jackie’s address
from that archives resource
that Sol gave me access to.
It’s a powerful server that
basically takes a screenshot
of literally everything
on the internet.
And look.
I found this.
Jackie Reeves was
Zoey Blackwell.
It’s Julia Burke’s kid.
Paul’s stepdaughter.
This came right off of
Jackie’s social media.
She deleted it a
day and a half ago.
Clearly she’s panicking. right?
I mean. she’s trying
to erase her history.
So. Zoey came back to America.
and Jackie was friends with her?
It’s interesting.
Catherine. I know you
don’t wanna hear this.
but I think we should turn
what you found over to the cops
and let them handle it.
No. no. no. no. no.
I wanna talk to Jackie first.
Just listen.
I don’t think it
necessarily means anything
that Jackie and Zoey
knew each other.
But if Jackie’s goal
was to kill Julia
and hang it on you.
well then you could be walking
right into the lion’s den.
and I won’t have you
risking your life like that.
I hear you.
I have to go to
my job interview.
I’ll be back around five or six.
Will you be okay?
Yeah.
I’m worried for you.
I’m okay.
I love you.
[Hailey] I love you.
Good luck.
[mysterious music]
Yeah. well...
I was seeing someone. and
Julia caught us together.
She got the whole
incident on her phone.
but couldn’t use it against me.
Why was that?
Well. she pulled a
gun on us that night.
She was completely
outta control.
We had already signed
the separation papers.
so she didn’t have a
legal leg to stand on.
Well. maybe she had another
plan and it just backfired.
Paul. why didn’t
you tell me this?
Well. I just. I don’t know.
There was so much going on.
I didn’t think it mattered.
It matters. okay?
Everything matters now.
You know that cop?
She told me that
they didn’t arrest me
because she thought something
more complicated was going on.
Those were her exact words.
They haven’t ruled you
out as a suspect yet.
Me?
Come on. you don’t actually
believe that I could-
No. I’m just telling
you what she said.
Paul. I think we
moved too quickly.
It’s no one’s fault.
We both wanted what we wanted.
I’m not saying that it’s over.
I’m just saying that I need
time to process my feelings.
Can you please just
give me that time?
Yeah.
Of course.
I’m sorry. of course.
[Catherine] Thank you.
Thank you for being a good man.
I’ll see you soon.
[dramatic music]
[ominous music]
[Jackie] You have to leave.
I can’t let you
stay here anymore.
So that’s it?
You’re throwing me
out on the street?
I’ll give you some money.
you can get a room somewhere.
The cops are
circling the wagons.
I’m toxic right now.
You’re just panicking.
I’m being smart. Zoey.
Do you understand?
Yeah. I understand.
I understand it’s every
woman for herself now.
[tense music]
[ominous music]
[car beeps]
[engine revs]
[mysterious music]
-[people chattering]
-[calm jazz music]
[tense music]
[Operator] 911. what
is your emergency?
Hello. Jackie.
[tense music]
What are you doin’ here?
Oh. I have a few
questions for you.
You’re stalking me.
You’re friends with
Julia’s daughter.
You still are. aren’t you?
Is that why you got
the job at Paul’s firm?
Some kind of twisted
revenge plot?
They told me that you
were embezzling funds.
So what. did Zoey
put you up to it?
All of it?
No. it wasn’t like that.
I was trying to help her.
She was young and lost.
I just wanted to help her.
but she kept taking
advantage of me.
And I never thought that...
Hey!
Hey. hey!
Just leave me alone. or
I swear. I’ll scream.
I am not scared of you.
How dare you!
Help!
Help. she’s attacking me!
Someone please help!
Wait. you’re insane!
Hey!
What the hell is going on?
She’s attacking me!
She just tried to kill me!
Help!
She’s crazy!
I just called the police.
Come on. lady.
Just come with me. and let’s
let the cops settle this.
No.
Stop!
Are you okay?
Not me. you idiot!
She’s getting away!
[dramatic music]
Sorry. sir.
[siren faintly blares]
So you’re saying
she attacked you?
Yes.
And why on earth would
she do that. Ms. Reeves?
She was making accusations.
She wants everyone to believe
that I killed Paul’s wife.
Well. did you?
That’s outrageous.
I could have your
badge for that.
Actually. you couldn’t.
But let’s go through it again.
And this time. Ms. Reeves. I
want you to tell me the truth.
No embellishments.
Understood?
[cell phone rings]
Don’t move.
Miss Brunner? Where
the hell are you?
I can’t tell you that.
And listen. I’m
ditching this phone.
so don’t even try and track it.
If you wanna hang a guilty
sign around your neck. lady.
you’re doing a damn good job.
You need to get
back here right now.
You’ll arrest me if I do that.
My superiors say
I have no choice.
Jackie Reeves is
filing assault charges.
and I have witnesses here.
Look. I personally think
she’s full of crap.
but I promise-
You can’t promise me anything.
And I can’t trust anyone.
Look. I get it.
I know you’re scared.
but just think about
what you’re doing.
I want to help you. I
want to protect you.
but I can’t if you run from us.
Detective. I only
called you to tell you
that I am innocent.
I didn’t attack Jackie Reeves.
and I didn’t kill
those two others.
The next time you see me.
I am going to be able
to prove that to you.
Until then. I have
to stay off the grid.
so please. just tell my
mother that I love her.
Catherine. wait. please.
Lemme talk to you...
Okay. let’s try this again.
[ominous music]
[car honks]
[Man] Catherine.
Listen. if you get me
to where I need to go
fast and quiet.
there’ll be a big cash
tip in it for you.
[Man] Hop in.
[dramatic music]
[Hailey] This is
complete madness!
Yeah. I just said
the same thing.
We know she maxed
out her ATM card
at a drug store near the bar.
and then she vanished.
Now. if you know where she
is. I suggest you come clean.
All I know is that my daughter
is out there alone and scared.
accused of crimes
she did not commit.
Well. who do you think
did these crimes?
I’d start with Julia’s daughter.
She hated her mother.
You know. Jackie Reeves
just told us all about her.
Yeah. she said Paul
Burke’s stepdaughter
has been living at her
place off and on now
for a little under a year.
Of course. we have no idea
where she is now though.
but as it stands.
they’re both still
suspects even though
we have no real evidence.
Any other ideas?
[mysterious music]
[Reporter] After attacking
a patron at the bar.
Brunner fled was last
seen on 3rd Street
in Downtown Atlanta.
To repeat. Catherine
Brunner. age 39.
is now at large and suspected
of first degree murder.
There is a reward in
the amount of $10.000
for any information
leading to her arrest.
[knocking]
Please contact Metro Police.
Speak of the devil.
Get in here. quick.
Hopefully nobody saw you.
[Catherine exhales]
You are hotter than
the sun right now.
Oh!
Cat. your face is
all over the news.
Yeah. They didn’t
waste any time.
Look. I need a
place to hide out.
I have some cash. but I
can’t use my credit cards.
Yes. of course. Cat.
you can stay here as
long as you want. okay?
It should be safe for a while.
I just don’t know how long.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
First of all. I
need to know about
every little thing
that’s been going on.
Okay? You have to tell me.
Can you manage that?
Yeah.
I think so.
Just take a deep breath.
and we’ll just run
it down from the top.
Okay.
[calming music]
What are you doing here?
Waiting my turn. I guess.
They said they
wanted to talk to me.
With all due respect.
this all happened
because my daughter
came to work for you. Mr. Burke.
Please. call me Paul.
Hailey. I’m on your side.
I’m on Catherine’s side.
I understand how you feel. I-
You have no idea how I feel!
Sorry. that was rude.
I completely understand.
And you have every right
to feel the way you do.
And I am so sorry that
this is all happening.
I want to help.
How can I help?
The detective told
me that Catherine
wasn’t the only suspect.
That they were looking
into other possibilities.
So many people that could
be involved with this.
Jackie Reeves. Zoey. Pam.
What. me?
How can I trust you?
How can I trust anyone?
Hailey...
All I can give you is my truth.
And I promise you.
I had nothing to do
with the murder of my ex-wife.
And I can also say
that your daughter
means more to me
than I can ever say.
Catherine’s the woman I’ve
been looking for my whole life.
I love her with all my heart.
I know lies when I hear them...
But that was the truth.
Thank you. Paul.
[Paul exhales]
-[siren faintly blares]
-[mellow music]
[car honks]
[tense music]
Let’s go.
[mysterious music]
Driver. why are
we going this way?
[Woman] Something’s
wrong with the car.
I need to get us off the highway
so I can check under the hood.
[Hailey] Car seems fine to me.
[Woman] It says the
engine is overheating.
This has happened before.
Don’t worry. I have some
coolant in the trunk.
[car beeps]
[ominous music]
What?
[Hailey grunts]
[mysterious music]
[device beeps]
What’d you do to it?
Just some simple mods.
You’ll still be
able to get calls
that are sent to
your usual number.
but if anyone tries to
trace your whereabouts.
they’ll find you somewhere
in Central America.
But usually between
Managua and Panama City.
but they’ll never figure it out.
You’re sure?
Cat. this is what I do.
Thank you. Sol.
Look. I’ll pay you back.
Whatever it costs.
Just don’t even
think about that.
I don’t need your money.
I just need to know
that you’re okay.
I can’t stop
thinking about Paul.
You know that look on his face?
Sincerity?
Maybe that’s a red flag.
Look. I was thinking that
too. in the beginning.
Okay. but I...
But then you got too close.
I had all these thoughts
crashing down on me and I...
Hey.
It’s okay.
I’m so sorry.
I’m so sorry for coming here
and involving you in all this.
You can involve me in anything.
You’re the best person I know.
And you’re my best friend.
-[dramatic music]
-[Catherine sobs]
[eerie music]
[knob clicks]
[knocking]
Hey!
Help! Let me out!
Help me out of here!
Why are you doing this?
Who are you?
-[unnerving music]
-[Hailey breathes heavily]
Come on. come on. come
on. come on. come on.
[cell phone rings]
[mysterious music]
Hello?
[Woman] Are we
going to play nice?
Who the hell is this?
[Woman] That’s need to know.
and you don’t need to know.
I’m not intimidated by you.
[Woman] You should be.
I’m very smart.
I’ve covered the bases.
Julia had a daughter.
Is that you?
Are you seeking revenge?
[Woman] If you were
right about that.
do you think I would
really tell you?
All I want is your
daughter’s cooperation.
I need you to make that happen.
But honestly. I really don’t
care if you live or die.
So I’m warning you.
if you keep trying to
get that door open.
it won’t go well.
And don’t bother trying to
make any calls on the phone.
I’ve disabled that function.
-[phone beeps]
-[dramatic music]
[tense music]
Okay.
Here we go.
[tense music]
[doorknob clicks]
-I wouldn’t do that.
-[Hailey yelps]
You’re her daughter. aren’t you?
Julia’s daughter.
Back upstairs!
[tense music]
[computer beeps]
[cell phone rings]
You can answer that.
If it’s the cops. they
won’t be able to track you.
[cell phone rings]
Who is this?
[Woman] You’ve
played a good game.
but the game is finished.
I’m giving you four hours
to surrender yourself to me.
And this is between us.
No. Paul. no police.
or this woman dies.
[Hailey] Honey. please
don’t come here!
They’ll hurt you
if you come here!
Please don’t!
[Woman] If I were
you. I wouldn’t listen
to your mother’s advice.
Four hours.
No cops.
You’ll get in your car.
and go to the corner
of 9th and Oxford Road.
At exactly 11:00 PM. you’ll
receive further instructions.
Wait. 9th and Oxford.
That’s all open road.
There’s no homes out there.
They’re definitely making sure
that they don’t get caught.
Okay?
They’re probably gonna
redirect you several times.
Cat. this is bad.
Yeah. I know. I know.
But if I don’t go. they’re
gonna kill my mother.
Yeah. and whoever this
is might kill you too.
I know. but I have to go.
Then I’m coming with
you! Let me help!
No. no. no. I need
to do this alone.
Okay?
If I get in over my
head. I will call you.
you can call Paul.
he’ll know what to do.
Do you really think
that we can trust him?
Right now he is the only
person I trust besides you.
And I can’t let you get hurt.
Look. I have to go now.
Look. I need your car.
Yeah. of course.
[dramatic music]
[cell phone rings]
[Woman] It’s time.
Are you where I
instructed you to go?
Yes. damn you!
[Woman] Let’s not be
impolite. Catherine.
Now listen very carefully.
[cell phone rings]
Hey. what’s up?
I’m headed to 407
Maynard Drive.
Okay. I should be there
in about a half an hour.
Look. I’m getting a bad feeling.
Okay. I’ll make the call.
Just don’t do anything stupid
when you get there. okay?
Wait for the calvary.
Okay.
[dramatic music]
[Hailey grunts]
Calm down. Mom.
You’ll only have to
remain uncomfortable
for a little while longer.
This will all be over very soon.
[Hailey screams]
[dramatic music]
[cell phone rings]
Yeah. who is this?
You don’t know me. but I’m
Catherine Brunner’s friend.
and she wanted me
to reach out to you.
Okay. what’s going on?
Where is she?
First. you have to
promise me something.
No cops.
Well. I can’t
promise you anything
until you tell me
what’s going on.
[Sol] Look. no deal then. Okay?
She doesn’t want her mom killed.
Wait. her mom?
Wait. who the hell is this?
Look. that’s not
important. but this is.
Haley Brunner has
been kidnapped.
If a bunch of cops show up on
the front lawn. she’s dead.
And so is her daughter.
All right. talk to me.
I’m sending you an address.
You go there now. and
arm yourself if you can.
You hear me?
[tense music]
I’m on my way.
[mysterious music]
[Hailey grunts]
[intense music]
[tense music]
[Woman] Well. well.
aren’t we smart?
Who are you?
What did you do with my mother?
[Woman] Walk ahead
of me. inside.
Don’t make any sudden moves.
Okay. Okay.
[tense music]
Back. That way.
I want to see my mother.
[Woman] Patience.
Who the hell are you?
Why did you kill Julia? And Pam?
[Woman] I needed Pam to
make sure that the cameras
in Paul’s house were down.
She was easy to buy.
but she got greedy.
Where is my mother?
[Woman] Upstairs.
Through that opening over there.
Move!
Mom?
Mom!
[Hailey grunts]
[Woman] She’ll be fine.
as long as you continue
to do exactly as I say.
Just let her go. okay?
I’ll do whatever you want.
[Woman] Whatever I want?
I like that idea.
Now. move.
Move!
[tense music]
My name is Catherine Brunner.
and I killed Julia Burke.
She came to Paul’s
house that night.
she was angry and attacked me.
I killed her in self-defense.
but I was scared.
so I lied to the police
about what really happened.
I mean. you don’t actually think
that anyone is gonna
believe this. do you?
Just say the words exactly
as they are written.
or your mom dies.
You can’t get away with this!
Yes. I can!
Now start the app again.
and say the damn words.
I said say it!
Okay. okay.
[tense music]
When Pam Prescott became
aware of the truth.
I had to eliminate her
to protect my secret.
[tense music]
I’ve been on the
run from the police
ever since I attacked Jackie.
I killed them all.
And I can no longer
live with my crimes.
This is my confession.
May God forgive me.
Very good.
No one is ever going to believe
that I did any of those things.
You’re no longer in
any position to argue.
In fact. you wanna
know a secret?
You never were.
Put it down now.
You sneaky bitch.
-[guns firing]
-[Catherine shrieks]
Are you okay?
-Are you okay?
-Yes.
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
We have to get my mom.
Come on.
[dramatic music]
Mom! Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Yes. Yes. I think so.
Just sit tight. The
police will be here soon.
It’s over.
Paul. get me some scissors
so I can cut these.
Okay.
I’m gonna get you outta here.
I know you will. I
love you so much.
I love you too. Mom.
[Catherine and Hailey sobbing]
Okay.
We have an APB out on the woman.
but without a positive
ID. it’s gonna be tough.
You sure you never saw the
lady before. Mr. Burke?
Damn sure.
So does this mean
that Jackie Reeves
is no longer a suspect?
Maybe.
Unless she’s been working
with the kidnapper somehow.
I’ll pick her and Zoey
Blackwell up for questioning.
If they had anything
to do with this.
I’ll get it out of them.
Thank you. Detective.
At least we know
you’re innocent.
The killer has no reason
to come after you again.
Yeah. maybe.
We’ll make sure you’re
protected for a few weeks.
just to be on the safe side.
Well. thank you. Detective.
Well. don’t thank me yet.
We still have a lot of
red tape to go through.
But I think we’ve
all earned some rest.
at least for a while.
Yeah. of course.
I’ll give you ladies
a minute. okay?
Thank you. Paul.
Hey. come here.
You okay?
Oh. my baby girl.
Oh. honey. I really thought
I was gonna die in there.
Well. you are safe now.
Okay?
And I love you so much.
I’m gonna take care of you.
Well. you better!
You’re the adult in
this relationship now.
Come here.
[calming music]
So. my mom accepted
the teaching position.
She said that the classroom
is where she belongs.
That woman is awesome.
Damn right she is.
What’s wrong?
I mean. it’s been weeks.
Jackie and Zoey
had solid alibis.
and ran off to Europe as soon
as the cops cut ’em loose.
And that woman who kidnapped
your mom has just...
I mean. she just disappeared.
I mean. aren’t you concerned
that she’s out there somewhere?
Yeah.
Yeah. but we can’t
live in fear forever.
Yeah. I guess..
It’s just. there’s so many
question marks in the air.
But we got through it. right?
Found each other.
That means something. right?
Of course.
[wondrous music]
What do you think?
Wow. this place is amazing.
Like you.
Come inside. I wanna
show you something.
Oh. I like surprises.
-Good.
-[Catherine chuckles]
[ominous music]
-[lighthearted music]
-[Catherine gasps]
Oh.
Wow.
You know. I always wished
for a place like this
when I was a kid.
Somewhere I could escape
to. beautiful things.
and just nature all around.
It’s...
Well. your wish is my command.
If you look in the back.
beautiful green
grass. wonderful pool.
See that out there?
Yeah.
Catherine. will
you do me the honor
and allow me to be your husband.
You said if I killed
Julia. I’d be a rich woman.
You promised me $2 million.
Yeah. I know what I promised.
but you didn’t follow the plan.
Catherine was not supposed
to be in the crossfire.
and then when you
got Pam involved.
it got too complicated.
[Skye] I needed Pam!
Yeah. and she’s gonna
put us both in jail
if we don’t act fast.
Keep watching. guys.
Paul!
You poisonous snake!
You’ll miss the best part.
So if we play this smart.
we can get away with it.
What you need to do is
take care of Pam ASAP.
Then I can get Catherine.
and you’ll get
what we agreed on.
You see. Catherine.
I didn’t trust Paul.
so I needed this
video as insurance.
I guess this is what they
mean by poetic justice.
I don’t know what this is.
She’s lying. She’s a liar.
I don’t know what that is.
Paul. you’re so pathetic.
I did everything for you.
and you threw me
under the bus for her.
So I had to hedge my bets by
kidnapping Catherine’s mom
to force the
confession out of her.
You ruined that. so now
all I want is my money.
Unfortunately. the
price just went up.
It’s 3 million now.
And if I don’t get it
wired to my account.
right now. tonight.
guess what goes
right to the cops?
I made a lot of copies of this.
You’ll get your money.
Leave Catherine out of it.
Hmm. how noble.
But don’t kid yourself. Paul.
By the time the police
figure all of this out.
I will be long gone.
and Catherine here
will always know
what a two-face slime you are.
So I win. Paul.
I win.
No.
Freeze!
Drop that weapon.
Now!
I said now!
[gun clangs]
Get on the ground.
[Skye groans]
Hands behind your head.
Took you long enough.
Yeah. we had you covered.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be held against you.
All right. back off!
[Catherine gasps]
Calm down. Mr. Burke.
Give him some breathing room.
Catherine. how did you know
Skye was gonna be here?
You remember that video
that Julia took of you two?
She sent that footage to
her lawyer before she died.
We saw it yesterday.
and it was unmistakably
Skye in that video.
[gun fires]
[both shrieking]
[dramatic music]
Damn it. Burke! Open this door!
Come with me. come with me!
-[dramatic music]
-[Catherine exhales]
[car beeps]
Freeze!
You got nowhere to go.
Drop it. Burke.
I said drop it!
Hands behind your head.
Turn around. face the car.
Turn around.
[tense music]
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be held against you
in the court of law.
[siren blares]
[Catherine] So Jackie and
Zoey were never even involved.
It was just you and Skye
getting revenge on your ex-wife.
Julia knew all my secrets.
She was gonna destroy
everything I built.
just out of spite.
I couldn’t let her.
Yeah. so. it really was
all about money. huh?
I mean. after everything
that you said to me.
all your speeches
about integrity.
Catherine. what we had was real.
Just. I didn’t expect to
fall in love with you.
I could’ve been so happy.
You are a monster. Paul.
[melancholic music]
I’m so sorry.
[lighthearted music]
So. do you like your sausage
burnt or only slightly burnt?
I think I’ll stick
with these pancakes.
These look lovely.
Only the best for
the unemployed.
[Hailey] You’ll be back
on your feet in no time.
There’s lots of opportunities
out there for you.
Mhm.
And if I know the adult
in this relationship.
she’ll be running a Fortune
500 company in no time.
You know. after everything
we’ve been through.
looking for jobs isn’t
that scary. is it?
Mm-mm.
What is it. honey?
I just...
I just keep thinking about
all the lives he destroyed.
And even though I saw
his true face in the end.
I have no idea how much
of the kindness was real.
or if it was all just a lie.
Monsters have no true face.
They live in their
own deceit every day.
Mostly they deceive themselves.
That makes ’em so
much harder to see.
I mean. he looked
me right in the eye
and he told me
that he loved you.
And I believed him. because
he believed it himself.
But some of them do pay.
and he’ll be paying
a long. long time.
Hmph.
Yeah. he will.
In the meantime. we
have worlds to conquer.
[Catherine and Hailey chuckling]
Oh. honey.
Your father would
be so proud of you.
You’re a real hero.
Mom. you’re my hero.
Oh. I’ll take that.
[Catherine and Hailey chuckling]
Oh. well then here’s to us.
Oh.
Here’s to pancakes.
Oh. yeah.
[Catherine and Hailey chuckling]
[ominous music]